Note :
Cor-relation subquery 			=	we should use Equi-Join.



#Note :
    Cor-related subqury can join with same table 
    It can join with two different tables also ( based on the requirement )

#Note :
    CTE = We can go CTE in Subquery scenario and Inline Subqury
          Not Cor-related subquery


1) Differences Between JOIN and Subquery ?
    
    Join :
        combines two or more tables. (definition)
        Show data from multiple relations tables (another table)
        Performance Can be faster if working with large data        
        It is used for Retrieving related data

    Subquery :
        A query inside another query. (definition)
        Show data based on some condition from another table. (another table)
        Performance Can be slow if working with large data
        It is used for Filtering, aggregation



2) Difference between  CTE Vs Subquery ?

CTE :
    It is Used to define a temporary result set using with clause (definition)
    Improves readability and modularity of complex queries
    It support Recursive 
    Can be referenced multiple times in same query

Subquery :
    A query inside another query (definition)
    Not Improves readability and modularity of complex queries
    It doesn't support Recursive
    Can't be referenced multiple times
    


    



3) Diffrence between CTE and View ?
    CTE :
    define a temporary result set that can be referenced in the main query
(talks about storage)
    Not persistence ( temporary result will not be there after execution is completed)
    Not resuable
    It doesn't store any data 

    View :
    It is Virtal table 
(talks about storage)
    persistence ( we can virual table multiple purpose )
    resuable
    It Store the metadata of data



    

4) Difference between View and Mview ?
    View :
        Virtual Table 
        Does not store data
        Always fetches the data from live table
(talks about storage)
        It doesn't consume storage 
        It is Slower 
        It is used for Abstraction, security
    
    MView :
        Physical table
        Stores data physically	as like table 
        Needs manual intervention to refresh the data  from table
(talks about storage)
        Consumes storage	
        Faster 
        It is used for Performance optimization

        

5) What is the difference between IN, EXISTS, and = ANY in subqueries?

    IN :
        It Will check the value exist
        It suit for work with Small set  ( list )
        Performance will be Slower if subquery returns a large number of rows	
        It behave unexpectedly if subquery contains NULL values.

    Exist :
        It Will check If rows exist
        It suit for work with Large sets ( correlated queries )
        Performance will be Faster if subquery returns a large number of rows 
        It is Safer when NULL values exist.

    ANY : IN operator
        It Will check the value exist
        It suit for work with Small set  ( list )
        Performance will be Slower with large result sets
        It behave unexpectedly if subquery contains NULL values.







